Simplify Archive Format description (#75)
icpc/ccs-specs: Contest_Archive_Format.md

    tools or for teams to compete against live data
  - As a base for offline analysis

## Archive contents

The package consists of a single directory containing files as described

> below, or alternatively, a ZIP compressed archive of the same files. It is

Reviewer: Similar to the problem package format: good to clarify that the zip file also includes that directory (or not?).

Author: Clarified that the directory *is* included.

strongly recommended that the name of the directory or the base name of the
archive match the contest ID, if a contest ID is specified. 

A package contains information regarding a single contest (corresponding to
the `/contests/<id>/*` endpoints of the API). The API can contain information

> for several contests, to store all information a pacakge per contest would be

Reviewer: Typo `pacakge`

Author: Fixed.

where:
- `<id>` is the ID of the endpoint object the reference is in.
- `<filename>` is the filename specified in the file reference object.

Note that the API specification requires that filenames are unique within
endpoint objects, so this is always possible.

The href in the file reference may not be valid and should be ignored, but it
does not have to be removed.

Optionally one could create a Shallow Archive by not storing the files, but
then the hrefs must be valid. This could be useful in some cases where the
size of the archive matters.

In some cases it could make sense to merge multiple API sources (of the same
contest) in a single archive. One example of this would be a contest that was
running with a primary and [shadow](ccs_system_requirements#shadow-mode) CCS.
Typically in such cases, most of the data will be identical (or at least the
differences irrelevant), so only the data that differs (in relevant ways)
needs to be stored. If there is an additonal source for `<endpoint>` it is
stored as above, but wherever `<endpoint>` is used in the path, instead use
`<endpoint>_<system>` where `<system>` is a unique name for the additional
source.

> ## Exampole uses

Reviewer 2: Typo

Author: Fixed.

which data would be required for that use case.

### CCS configuration

Used for configuring a CCS (primary or shadow) before a contest. Suitable for
download from a registration system or similar tool.

Required endpoints:
- contests
- languages
- problems
- teams
- accounts

Optional endpoints:
- judgement-types
- groups
- organizations
- people

#### Example file listing

```
contest.json
contest/banner.png
contest/logo.png
judgement-types.json
languages.json
problems.json
problems/problemA/problemA.zip
problems/problemA/problemA.pdf
problems/problemB/problemB.zip
problems/problemB/problemB.pdf
...
groups.json
organizations.json
organizations/kth.se/logo56x56.png
organizations/kth.se/logo160x160.png
organizations/baylor.edu/logo56x56.png
organizations/baylor.edu/logo160x160.png
...
teams.json
teams/team-001/photo.jpg
teams/team-002/photo.jpg
teams/team-003/photo.jpg
...
people.json
people/john-smith/photo.jpg
people/jane-doe/photo.jpg
....
accounts.json
```

### Registration upload

Used for uploading local registration data to a central registration system
(such as the ICPC CMS).

Required endpoints:
- teams
- people

> 

Reviewer 2: Does this not require (or optional) org info?

Author: Yes... it annoyingly does. Thanks.

My thinking was that the upload should not support adding new universities to the ICPC database (to keep things simple), but since the only university reference in `teams.json` is a `organization_id` (which could just be an arbitrary string) you do need `organizations.json`, if only to map `organization_id` to `icpc_id`.

I have added this.

    tools or for teams to compete against live data
  - As a base for offline analysis

## Archive contents

The package consists of a single directory containing files as described
below, or alternatively, a ZIP compressed archive of the directory. It is
strongly recommended that the name of the directory or the base name of the
archive match the contest ID, if a contest ID is specified. 

A package contains information regarding a single contest (corresponding to
the `/contests/<id>/*` endpoints of the API). The API can contain information

> for several contests, to store all information a package per contest would be

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
for several contests, to store the information for multiple contests a package per contest would be
```

Author: Fixed.

needed.

Information in the API is always either in JSON format, [NDJSON]
(contest_api#event-feed) format, or linked using a [file reference]

> (contest_api#json-attribute-types) JSON object.

Reviewer 3: I think the line breaks between [NDJSON] and (contest_api#event-feed) and similar for [file reference] and (contest_api#json-attribute-types) are causing the markdown to render incorrectly.

Author: Fixed.

- The JSON returned from the endpoint `/` is stored as
  `api.json`.
- The JSON returned from the endpoint `/contests/<id>` is stored as
  `contest.json`. (Notice the singular form).
- The JSON returned from the endpoint `/contests/<id>/<endpoint>` is stored as
  `<endpoint>.json`.
- The NDJSON returned from the endpoint `/contests/<id>/<endpoint>` is stored as

>   `<endpoint>.ndjson`. (The only such endpoint is `event-feed`) 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
  `<endpoint>.ndjson`. (The only such endpoint is `event-feed`.) 
```

Author: Fixed.

> Files referenced to in `contest.json` are stored as `contest/<filename>`, and

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Files referenced in `contest.json` are stored as `contest/<filename>`, and
```

Author: Fixed.

> files referenced to in `<endpoint>.json` as `<endpoint>/<id>/<filename>`,

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
files referenced in `<endpoint>.json` are stored as `<endpoint>/<id>/<filename>`,
```

Author: Fixed.

where:
- `<id>` is the ID of the endpoint object the reference is in.
- `<filename>` is the filename specified in the file reference object.

Note that the API specification requires that filenames are unique within
endpoint objects, so this is always possible.

The href in the file reference may not be valid and should be ignored, but it

> does not have to be removed.

Reviewer 3: This sentence seems to jump out as needing some explanation or context. Could we explain when or why this might happen?

Also, I'm not sure what it means. Would it be valid to rewrite it as: "It is possible that the `href` in the file reference is not valid, and if it is invalid it should be ignored (but need not be removed)."

Author: The href might point to a location on a temporary local network, and thus not be available after the contest.

Author: I made an attempt of a better explanation...

Optionally one could create a Shallow Archive by not storing the files, but
then the hrefs must be valid. This could be useful in some cases where the
size of the archive matters.

In some cases it could make sense to merge multiple API sources (of the same
contest) in a single archive. One example of this would be a contest that was
running with a primary and [shadow](ccs_system_requirements#shadow-mode) CCS.
Typically in such cases, most of the data will be identical (or at least the

> differences irrelevant), so only the data that differs (in relevant ways)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
differences should be irrelevant), so only the data that differs (in relevant ways)
```

Author: I don't think "should" is right here. Could "would" work? Or could we really not keep it as is?

Reviewer 3: The phrase is missing a verb. How about "are" instead of "should be"?

Author: In that case:
```
most of the data is identical (or at least the differences are irrelevant),
```

I.e. change "will be" to "is" and add the "are". 

This feels better than the original to me. Would it work?

Author: I did that.

`<endpoint>_<system>` where `<system>` is a unique name for the additional
source.

## Example uses

The rest of the document describes use cases for the Archive Format, listing
which data would be required for that use case.

### CCS configuration

Used for configuring a CCS (primary or shadow) before a contest. Suitable for
download from a registration system or similar tool.

Required endpoints:
- api
- contests
- languages
- problems
- teams
- accounts

Optional endpoints:
- judgement-types
- groups
- organizations
- people

#### Example file listing

```
api.json
contest.json
contest/banner.png
contest/logo.png
judgement-types.json
languages.json
problems.json
problems/problemA/problemA.zip
problems/problemA/problemA.pdf
problems/problemB/problemB.zip
problems/problemB/problemB.pdf
...
groups.json
organizations.json
organizations/kth.se/logo56x56.png
organizations/kth.se/logo160x160.png
organizations/baylor.edu/logo56x56.png
organizations/baylor.edu/logo160x160.png
...
teams.json
teams/team-001/photo.jpg
teams/team-002/photo.jpg
teams/team-003/photo.jpg
...
people.json
people/john-smith/photo.jpg
people/jane-doe/photo.jpg

> ....

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
...
```

Author: Fixed.

accounts.json
```

### Registration upload

Used for uploading local registration data to a central registration system
(such as the ICPC CMS).

Required endpoints:
- api
- organizations
- teams
- people

#### Example file listing

```
api.json
organizations.json
organizations/kth.se/logo56x56.png
organizations/kth.se/logo160x160.png
organizations/baylor.edu/logo56x56.png
organizations/baylor.edu/logo160x160.png
...
teams.json
teams/team-001/photo.jpg
teams/team-002/photo.jpg
teams/team-003/photo.jpg
...
people.json
people/john-smith/photo.jpg
people/jane-doe/photo.jpg

> ....

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
...
```

Author: Fixed.

for several contests, to store the information for multiple contests a
package per contest would be needed.

Information in the API is always either in JSON format, [NDJSON](contest_api#event-feed)
format, or linked using a [file reference](contest_api#json-attribute-types)
JSON object.

- The JSON returned from the endpoint `/` is stored as
  `api.json`.
- The JSON returned from the endpoint `/contests/<id>` is stored as
  `contest.json`. (Notice the singular form).
- The JSON returned from the endpoint `/contests/<id>/<endpoint>` is stored as
  `<endpoint>.json`.
- The NDJSON returned from the endpoint `/contests/<id>/<endpoint>` is stored as
  `<endpoint>.ndjson`. (The only such endpoint is `event-feed`.)

Files referenced in `contest.json` are stored as `contest/<filename>`, and
files referenced in `<endpoint>.json` are stored as
`<endpoint>/<id>/<filename>`, where:
- `<id>` is the ID of the endpoint object the reference is in.
- `<filename>` is the filename specified in the file reference object.

Note that the API specification requires that filenames are unique within
endpoint objects, so this is always possible.

> It is not required that URLs specified in the href is always valid.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
It is not required that a URL specified in an href is always valid.
```

Author: Fixed.

Specifically, in many cases the contest is running in a local network that is

> taken down after the contest, and this the URL would definitely not be

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
taken down after the contest, and in this case the URL would definitely not still be
```

Author: Fixed.

working. To keep the archiving process as simple as possible, stale URLs do
not have to be removed from the data, but due to this the URLs should be
ignored and the file stored as specified above should be used instead.

> Optionally one could create a Shallow Archive by not storing the files Then

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Optionally one could create a Shallow Archive by not storing the files, in which case the
```

Author: Fixed.
